bunny faces so when we were kids adults
would encourage us to make these funny
faces and funny faces were fun to make
everyone had their own signature funny
face and it was fun to make fun of other
people's funny faces but then you grow
up and funny faces that aren't so fun
anymore they become dangerous time your
funny face just write the whole room
roar with laughter hahaha time it just
wrong and well let's just take a look so
doctor what you see in the ultrasound
what can you tell me about my baby well
according to these images mrs. Hamilton
I'd say that a your child is a what my
baby's gonna be retarded mrs. Hamilton
would you like a monster a monster my
baby's gonna be a monster no a monster
energy drink giving you lots of energy
all day long tell me about my baby is my
baby gonna be okay oh no no no it's not
okay your baby is definitely not okay
they're okay they're great you've got
twins congratulations but are they
retarded nope they're both perfectly
healthy best I've ever seen hey honey
how are you at the soup I made you oh it
was great honey thank you well if you
don't like the damn suit no I mean I oh
it was really good I luck out and go
make some soup with a damn slutty hooker
now you're always hanging out with yeah
you don't think I know about your little
affairs we're over I'm divorcing you
you
hey honey how do I look your left
testicles mine and so there you have it
well the story is don't make funny
things is that women get one day you
might find that your missing a left
testicle and no one likes univille
except for Lance Armstrong he kicks ass